# AIStockTrader

This repository holds a number of files used to stream stock, crypto, and forex data. Use a LTSM time series machine learning algorithm to create an automated AI stock market trader. The `track.py` python file in the main directory is used to create a websocket stream to track every price change a stock of your choice makes. All you need to do to run the file is by running `python3 track.py` in the terminal. Assuming you have the correct packages installed, you will be prompted to enter the ticker of the stock you would like to track.

above is what the prompt will look like.

After that, a text file will be automatically generated with the name of the stock and three random ASCII characters to follow. You can see that here. There is a number of different text files in the `data` directory. From there, you will be prompted to hit `y` if you would like to make live trades or simply hit enter to not. You will then see the stock price streaming data printed to the console.

The `binaryPredict.py` and `predict.py` files are both used to train the time series models and make predictions on the data stored in the `data` directory. The `binaryPredict.py` file is the most up-to-date. The time series AI model trains on the data in the `data` directory and, depending on which stock you are training on, the program will load the current saved model if there is one created for that particular stock, or it will create it with the stock ticker followed by `Model.keras`. The method used in `binaryPredict.py` is to load in whatever file you want to train on, split it into train-test splits with the x values being a series of 10 price iterations and a binary y value of 1 if the price increased in price after the next 10 price movements or 0 if the price decreased. The model takes two inputs: the first is an array of 10 price iterations and the second is the difference in price from the last price in the sequence from the stock's mean price for the day. The output is a binary 1 or 0.
